welcome to Mister predictor it feels
like we're on the homestretch of the
World Cup now these seven most important
games to come starting off with South
Africa against Sri Lanka South Africa
Sri Lanka well John a great match coming
up between these two teams business end
of the world cup is sangguk are we gonna
get another hundred five in a row that
would be something special we know the
odds South Africa nine to fall on
favorites Franco nine to five against
South Africa have never won a World Cup
knockout game are they going to win this
one I think if they bat first they'll
win it I think if they bat second they
won't so keep an eye on the toss and
you'll have your answer then but I do
have to press you for a prediction okay
well I'm gonna go for Sri Lanka they can
chase down almost any score so as I say
it depends on the toss but well let's
fancy the toss going Sri Lanka's way and
they're going to chase I'm gonna go so
Lanka as well lots of players coming
back into the team back into so many
players informed they'll shown saying a
car we've mentioned already and that
record of South Africa's him World Cup
knockouts obviously pretty appalling but
on this occasion we're both saying the
bookmakers have maybe got it wrong
because we're going for the outsider
yeah I'd have a go at that one okay well
next up the big one perhaps India
against Bangladesh India overwhelming
favourites for this on seven to one on
with Bangladesh available and nine to
two against their Bangladesh I was he
knocked England out got through to the
quarterfinals can they go any further
well I think as long as they're not all
struck about playing against India and
there's no reason why they should be
they've played exceptionally well during
this World Cup I quite fancy a bit on
Bangladesh to it to upset India but
again I think it's going to depend on
who bats first okay so you're going to
go for Bangladesh having knocked out
your pre-tournament hopes England to
carry on that momentum I think they've
got a really good chance um you
obviously can't discount India but I
think if they come under pressure
from Bangladesh in in probably chasing
the runs then there could be the huge
upset I'm gonna go with India but I
don't think it will be easy I mean India
they keep bowling teams out which is
great for them and it's chamois and
great for me miss yellow for example but
India for me will be too strong for
Bangladesh but it could it could just go
down to the wire so close on there
perhaps we then move on to Adelaide
where Australia take on Pakistan
Australia for to on on for this on
Pakistan are three to one against
Australia co-hosts they've been sort of
bubbling along nicely Pakistan had to
win a very pressurized game against
Ireland to get through which way do you
see this one going well obviously
Australia are huge favorites in this
game but also to win the World Cup
outright so who's going to put money
against them not winning against
Pakistan well probably I'm going to be
one of the few because if Pakistan turn
up on the day they could win it so um
again good odds so maybe a little on
Pakistan well I'm gonna stick with
Australia Ellen I'm quite stubborn as
you know and I've been predicting
Australia to win this thing for what
feels like a number of months even years
now so I think they're going to be just
too strong for Pakistan's and the better
bowlers Pakistan ravaged by injuries
both before the tournament and now with
the news accustomed abadeer fans not
going to be playing so Australia to be
far too strong for me for Pakistan in
that one and we finished the
quarterfinals in New Zealand in
Wellington where New Zealand six out of
six so far take on the West Indies who
just about did enough I would say to get
through to the quarters again New
Zealand massive favourites for this on
seven two two on the West Indies 11 to
four against well John this is probably
the one that we're going to agree upon
and I think the New Zealand are going to
beat West Indies quite handsomely
unless Chris Gayle performs like you did
against Zimbabwe I think with six wins
out of wins in the group stage New
Zealand really have ticked all their
boxes I think all their bats on I got
some runs we know about how well Tim
sell the Trevor Bowl and the others are
performing down Vittori
and having a great tournament as well so
Newseum for me to be to strong as well
well thanks very much for your
we're certainly looking forward to these
final seven games of the Cricket World
Cup hope you enjoy it by following it
with us on Cricket World but for now
from mr. predictor it's goodbye